#
#----------------------------
#A few  words  from the team
behind  "ATHANOR  2  AMIGA"
#
#For   the  AMIGA  version,
special  efforts and  tools
were used  to get  the most
of our beloved machine.@@@@

#CODE:
Athanor  2  was  ported  to
the Amiga  during  a course
of ~3 years,  using VSCODE,
GIT, PYTHON, WINUAE, SAS/C,
a  MIST  (FPGA  Amiga)  and
an ESCOM A1200 (thx Petro!)
The last rush was completed
on a MacBook M1 (ARM FTW!),
using both FS-UAE & vAmiga.

#99% of Athanor 2 relies on
the GRAPHICS LIBRARY.  This
means that  the  whole game
is meant to be os-friendly.

#The game runs entirely in C
except  for a couple of 3rd
parties  unpacking routines
(Shrinkler / NRV2x).@@@@@@@ 

#GRAPHICS:
PHOTOSHOP   for   the  main
part,  using either a WACOM
BAMBOO  and  INTUOS tablets.
Then COSMIGO PRO-MOTION and
DELUXE PAINT,  for all  the
pixel  and  dither tweaking.

#MUSICS:
Finally,  for those  who'd
like  some  music technical
details,  here's  what  was
used  by David to make  the
soundtracks:@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
The PROTRACKER 3.15 as main
sequencer.  Most of samples
created  using  the  ROLAND
JV-1080 &  the YAMAHA MOTIF
XF.  Composition & research
done on  the KORG TR-76 and
YAMAHA PSR S500 keyboards.@

#
#And now, the  greetings for
the  Amiga  version.@@@@@@@
#Many  thanks to  all these
inspiring people:@@@@@@@@@@
#4play
Akaobi
Aseyn
BeeMixsy
David @davidb2111_ Barbion
Nicolas Bauw
Batteman
BjornNah
C418
Chris Covell
Exocet
FibreTigre
Frost242
Flopine
Gelmir
Gligli
Jylam
Kara N. Blohm
MadMarie
Mike 'DBug' Pointier
MO5.COM
Mooz
Ninomojo
NoRecess
Oriens
The Ptoing!
Rahow
RESISTANCE.NO
Andr‚ & Louis-Marie Rocques
Roudoudou
Serge Fiedos
St‚phane F.
Stingray
Superchlo
XBarr
Yosshin4004
Z-Team
Zerkman

#
#External libraries:
MT_ADPCM (MastaTabs)
EasySound (Anders Bjerin)
Miniz (Richard Geldreich)
NRV2 (Ross)
PTReplay.library (Stingray)
Shrinkler (Blueberry)
#
#
#
#
#
Athanor Out!
Press the mouse button
to exit.